here's my name is coach masters and
today i will be playing reaction time
this is a game all about South's
reactions and clicking the shapes on
time let's jump right in and see how fat
I suck she's doing better than the last
recording last recording it was actually
recording by like four so that wasn't
zap um yeah I have enough to upgrade
freaking around time you want to go they
want to go we have some time short you
want to go me I probably soaked in here
now welcome yep yep you're not just snow
snow okay
Oh 1.1 times we really does nothing he
says they round to the nearest integer
see three times a little bit 1 and 3
runs the nearest integer so literally
unless unless you get to 1.5 that
doesn't increase at all well it might
increase a bit see you look increase it
increased a bit that equals 5.5
like if you get anything going to five
bucks okay let's write just re using the
touchscreen over this touchscreen laptop
that I'm reporting on right now so I'm
going to do that this is a lot better
see I got a job like that so admit it's
always up it always overlaps godlike
with amazing so no cydia with that but
almost such a long time
come see the tapes a top-rated upgraded
British grated cheese upgraded cheese
maybe we got that sweet up grated cheese
start blowing up in my face soon as I
touch them elect a little shape Minds
their shape mine okay upgrade round time
again it's now all the abandonment evart
has up crazy different if I basically
holy inside time oh yo you gave without
that no one's talking about
Gyptian let's see the nice hopefully
this in a while plus I'm i did it was
just record the music bumpin obeys okay
okay frickin sew my head okay Kupchak
double your left up I did know it we aim
40 Apple very long time adorable video
is to get all the upgrades along with
thousands 6 15 minutes I'm repair by
that um download it is okay i have very
quick reflexes keep you haven't
distinguished that already a very good
reflexes plus 3 flex reflects okay I'm
just going to looking like I'm not doing
that just it brings out the inner stupid
in my phone or if it turns out he enters
you been find the inner stupid
fights find me in this because it could
call you in a weirdo Gators because
whatever you want to call it but it's in
you I know it's a new truck I know it's
in there develop I balance
this is game
which never think about it was it would
go really good on mobile if if
somebody's watching this and they are
mobile developer develop it for the App
Store or Google Play if it's not already
I need to go check that after all record
this it really needs to be a mobile game
I mean to assist you well I just making
it a pc game makes it a lot harder
essentially I think the biggest gold
more fun you have anything to play
outside and i'm not sure because i don't
think i've ever had the opportunity to
finish the game ok let's go pick up free
content of the walls just one time I can
at this point I'm just kind of like
speaking and playing the game like I'm
not even i'm barely even trying to play
the game at this point
well i'm still trying but like you know
it's a pretty easy game supposed to be
this way good games i already had it on
a pc so yeah this was a good choice
she's a good choice so i just created it
no it's not cool not cool game give me
50 70 60 for any of them that fit that
feeling when that feeling when you just
have like barely look one below the
thing you need and not to go back do it
again like comment below if you've ever
had Buffalo's ever had that experience
and over everyone to hear
this is like that just looks just like
four years you're going you're always
gonna have something that makes your age
like a madman okay the new chant people
cheeto Doritos this this is not
sponsored by n LG he'd agree to salute
cheeto cheeto you know do we like to do
dishes she's so sweet toad up again
again
we be all in the we'd be on the tippy
top business up in her we open that we
open Nativity appt 17 shapes subset 17
shapes pack it hits kitchen today anyway
so um see I again to go
okay i think i'm just going to end the
video here thank you all for watching
and i hope you have a great day thanks
for watching okay pull it out